(upbeat music playing)
- [Instructor] Now that we've seen the Java 11 HTTP Client
and a few cognitive services inaction.
Let's try a programming challenge.
In this challenge, you're going to make an API call
to the sentiment service
within the text analytics API.
After the API returns a response
you'll work to parse out the sentiment data
in order to create a sentiment analysis object.
Let's take a closer look.
Inside of your working files,
you'll find the Azure sentiment service
where you'll do most of your work,
Inside of this class,
there's a single method named requests sentiment analysis.
It accepts two parameters of type string.
The first is the text parameter
which contains the text we'd like to send
to Azure cognitive services for sentiment analysis.
The second is the language parameter
which will have the language code.
If you're using English, this will be EN.
Now within the body of this method
you're going to make the call to Azure
get the response back.
And then from the response
you'll build a sentiment analysis object
that you're going to return from the method online 36.
Now let's talk about this sentiment analysis object
in a little more detail.
It has two fields.
The first is the text document field.
So this is going to store the text
that we sent over to Azure cognitive services for analysis.
The second field is the sentiment field
and here's where you're going to store the sentiment,
either positive or negative
that you get back in the response
from the text analytics API.
So you'll have to parse out the sentiment
from the response body
and store in this field.
Now let's talk over a few things
to get you off to a good start.
First you'll notice we have several constants
at the top of the class
and the Azure endpoint is currently pointing
to my resource in Azure.
You need to change this up
to point to your specific resource.
You'll also notice,
that the path constant is missing.
So you'll have to go to the API reference
for the text analytics API
in order to find the path
to the sentiment endpoint.
Once you have that, put it in your code
and you can make the call,
you'll need to construct the response body.
That's going to be sent over to Azure cognitive services.
So to help with that,
I'd recommend using the text analytics request
in text document objects
to build that response body.
When you get the response back,
I would recommend using Jackson's ObjectMapper and JsonNode
to easily extract the sentiment
from that Json in response the body.
Once you've built your sentiment analysis object
from that information,
just go ahead and return it from the method.
And if you'd like to test it out,
I've included this unit test
that contains a test for a positive
and negative sentiment analysis.
Just go ahead, execute this.
If the tests pass, you're in great shape.
So go ahead, give it a shot
and then take a moment
to view my solution when you're ready.